---
title: "Terms of Service"

---
## 1.Legal Notices

We, the Operators of this Website, provide it as a public service to our
users.

Please carefully review the following basic rules that govern your use
of the Website. Please note that your use of the Website constitutes
your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and
Conditions of Use. If you (the "User") do not agree to them, do not use
the Website, provide any materials to the Website or download any
materials from them.

The Operators reserve the right to update or modify these Terms and
Conditions at any time without prior notice to User. Your use of the
Website following any such change constitutes your unconditional
agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions as
changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and
Conditions of Use whenever you use the Website.

These Terms and Conditions of Use apply to the use of the Website and do
not extend to any linked third party sites. These Terms and Conditions
and our Privacy Policy, which are hereby incorporated by reference,
contain the entire agreement (the “Agreement”) between you and the
Operators with respect to the Website. Any rights not expressly granted
herein are reserved.

## 2.Permitted and Prohibited Uses

You may use the Website for the sole purpose of sharing and
exchanging ideas with other Users. You may not use the the Website to
violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law,
including without limitation any applicable laws relating to antitrust
or other illegal trade or business practices, federal and state
securities laws, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities
exchange, and any U.S. laws, rules, and regulations governing the export
and re-export of commodities or technical data.

## 11. Notification Of Possible Copyright Infringement

In the event you believe that material or content published on the
Website may infringe on your copyright or that of another, please
<a href="#">Contact Us</a>.
